#summary General Grizzly Consensus Installation Guide
#labels GGC,Instillation,Guide,Featured

= Installation Guide =

This document will explain how to install the GGC^2^ student and professor program. The two parts of the program can be accessed from a HTML web page or if the HTML page does not work there is an alternative that can be used in the downloads section.

== HTML Web Download ==

  # Please check your Java (TM) Version and update it to 1.6 update 10 or later if needed. Click <a href="http://www.java.com/en/download/index.jsp">Here</a> for Java (TM) updates.
  # Check to make sure your web browser has Java enabled.
  # Connect to student page: http://general-grizzly-consensus.googlecode.com/svn/trunk/Java/build/dist/studentpage.html Connect to professor page: http://general-grizzly-consensus.googlecode.com/svn/trunk/Java/build/dist/profpage.html
  # See user guide <a href="http://code.google.com/p/general-grizzly-consensus/wiki/GGCUserGuide">Here</a> for further questions.

== Google Code Download ==

  # Please check your Java (TM) Version and update it to 1.6 update 10 or later if needed. Click <a href="http://www.java.com/en/download/index.jsp">Here</a> for Java (TM) updates.
  # Go to the General Grizzly Consensus home page.
  # Click on the [http://code.google.com/p/general-grizzly-consensus/downloads/list Download] tab to get to the download page.
  # Click the box with the "Green Down Arrow" next to the desired client.
  # Once the application is downloaded, double click the .Jar and you will be ready to go.
  # See user guide <a href="http://code.google.com/p/general-grizzly-consensus/wiki/GGCUserGuide">Here</a> for further questions.