#summary Customer Requirements

= Customer Requirements =

The following are user requirements or stories for each of the issues and enhancement requests in the backlog.


== Issue 6: Display application's version ==

6.1 As an instructor, I want to see the application's version number from within the application so I can ensure I'm using the latest version or provide the information to someone who is supporting me.

6.2  As a student, I want to see the application's version number from within the application so I can provide it to the instructor when asked.

6.3 As an instructor or support staff, I want the version number of the application to be clear and easy to find so anyone using the application can determine the version quickly.

== Issue 21: Add support for a countdown timer ==

21.1 As an instructor, I want to limit the amount of time students have to respond to a question so it's clear when results can be revealed and I can move on.

21.2 As an instructor, I want students to be able to see how much time is remaining on an open question so they are encouraged to provide an answer quickly.

21.2 As an instructor, I want it to be an option to apply a time limit to questions so I don't have to limit every question.

21.3 As an instructor, I want an option to hide the displayed timer so I can use it as a reference for myself and not distract students with the time limit.

21.4 As an instructor, I want the most common amount of time (30 seconds) to appear by default so I don't have to enter a value every time.

21.5 As an instructor, I want to be able to use any amount of time, in one-second increments, as the question duration so I can be precise about how long students are allowed to answer.

21.6 As an instructor, I want students to still be able to respond when the timer expires, but not after I choose to close a question, so I can make exceptions to allow for more time.

Add your content here.  Format your content with:
  * Text in *bold* or _italic_
  * Headings, paragraphs, and lists
  * Automatic links to other wiki pages