#summary General Grizzly Consensus Installation Guide
#labels GGC,User,Installation,Guide,Featured

= Installation Guide =

This document will explain how to install the GGC^2^ student and professor program. The two parts of the program can be accessed from a HTML web page or if the HTML page does not work there is an alternative that can be used in the downloads section.

== HTML Web Download ==

  # Please check your Java (TM) Version and update it to 1.6 update 10 or later if needed. Click <a href="http://www.java.com/en/download/index.jsp">Here</a> for Java (TM) updates.
  # Check to make sure your web browser has Java enabled.
  # Connect to student page: http://general-grizzly-consensus.googlecode.com/svn/trunk/Java/build/dist/studentpage.html    
  # Connect to professor page: http://general-grizzly-consensus.googlecode.com/svn/trunk/Java/build/dist/profpage.html
  # When prompted select "Run" that you trust this application, and "No" on the next prompt about a security concern.
  # See user guide <a href="http://code.google.com/p/general-grizzly-consensus/wiki/GGCUserGuide">Here</a> for further questions.

== Google Code Download ==

  # Please check your Java (TM) Version and update it to 1.6 update 10 or later if needed. Click <a href="http://www.java.com/en/download/index.jsp">Here</a> for Java (TM) updates.
  # Go to the General Grizzly Consensus home page.
  # Click on the [http://code.google.com/p/general-grizzly-consensus/downloads/list Download] tab to get to the download page.
  # Click the box with the "Green Down Arrow" next to the desired client.
  # Once the application is downloaded, double click the .Jar and you will be ready to go.
  # See user guide <a href="http://code.google.com/p/general-grizzly-consensus/wiki/GGCUserGuide">Here</a> for further questions.

== GGC Server Install Guidelines ==
  # The OS for the server is Ubuntu 11.10 (as of 12/15/2011)
  # Verify that you have sudo permissions. Without this you will not be capable of installation.
  # Install Putty if you currently do not have it.
  # All commands are case sensitive.
  # On the command line type: service apache2 status
  # This command should return: apache2 is running. 
  # If apache2 is not running on the command line type: sudo apt-get install apache2 
  # Go to a browser: 10.0.14.109
  # You should see: It works!
  # To install a new version: Upload the zip file
  # sudo apt-get install unzip
  # unzip GeneralGrizzlyConsensus.zip (or the name of your .zip file)
  # The most current zip file is ound in GGC^2\GeneralGrizzlyConsensus
  # sudo cp -rp asterisk /var/www
  # Now try the URLs in the browser: 10.0.14.109\profpage.html
  # and 10.0.14.109\studentpage.html 
  # Run the app
  # Answer no to the security dialog
  